docs: tip for index sbom (#19686)
docker/docs: content/build/attestations/sbom.md

}
```

> **Tip**
>

> > If the image is multi-arch, you can use check the index for the arch you want with `--format '{{ json (index .SBOM "linux/amd64").SPDX }}'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If the image is multi-platform, you can check the SBOM for a platform-specific index using `--format '{{ json (index .SBOM "linux/amd64").SPDX }}'`.
```
